{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 superseded by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/165IoShndwFkLTSwNQeuRRWoyVyQs6jMSwApVlJTv-B4/edit"}}{\fldrslt https://docs.google.com/document/d/165IoShndwFkLTSwNQeuRRWoyVyQs6jMSwApVlJTv-B4/edit}}\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 TITLES\
When cuing does better than just summon attention.\
When do cues work by summoning attention to a target and when do they work by binding to it?\
When do \'93attentional\'94 cues summon attention to a target, and when do they pre-attentively bind to it?\
Cues improve target processing by summoning attention to a target.\
\
ABSTRACT\
In exogenous cuing experiments, a target is presented at one of several potential locations. The target location is typically cued by a circle or square, and the cue is presented at the time of the target or shortly before it. The classic finding is that accuracy is near chance when the cue is presented simultaneously with the target, but improves rapidly for longer lead times between the cue and the target. It has therefore been concluded that exogenous cues trigger a rapid, but certainly not instantaneous, shift of attention that enhances perception at the cued location.\
\
In contrast, with a single stream of letters or pictures, it has been shown that (Keele & Neil, 1978 ). \
\
Here we find strong evidence that cues sometimes facilitate performance by binding with the target rather than by triggering a time-consuming shift of attention.\
\
Previous theories also said that with an individual stream of letters or pictures, you get binding - a rush to \
\
summon attention\
cause attention to rapidly ramp up at the cued location.\
\
When a cue is presented at the location of a target, \
\
Everybody at EPC knows about Posner cuing.\
\
Botella model has an attentional focusing mechanism. How time-consuming?  When the target feature is detected, two processes triggered: 1) memory of the free-floating other features available 2) attentional focusing. He doesn\'92t seem to say how time-consuming the attention focussing process is.\
\
not NBN\
ADSL 2+\
cable Optus.  Yes TV by Fetch.\
$80 / unlimited.  $20 discount. \
\
\
}